Update README.md (#364)
confluentinc/cp-helm-charts: README.md

# Confluent Open Source Helm Chart

> **The Confluent Platform Helm charts are not supported by Confluent. If you want to use Helm charts in a test or production environment, follow these instructions to install [Confluent Operator](https://docs.confluent.io/current/installation/operator/index.html#operator-about-intro).**

Author: ```suggestion
**Open Source Helm charts are not supported by Confluent. If you want to use Helm charts in a test or production environment, follow these instructions to install [Confluent Operator](https://docs.confluent.io/current/installation/operator/index.html#operator-about-intro).**
```

> **Open Source Helm charts are not supported by Confluent. If you want to use manage Confluent Platform on Kubernetes in a test or production environment, follow these instructions to install [Confluent Operator](https://docs.confluent.io/current/installation/operator/index.html#operator-about-intro).**

Author: ```suggestion
**Open Source Helm charts are not supported by Confluent. If you want to use Confluent Platform on Kubernetes in a test or production environment, follow these instructions to install [Confluent Operator](https://docs.confluent.io/current/installation/operator/index.html#operator-about-intro).**
```
